fix: [MTM-58369] add missing release notes for UI (#1870)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/platform-services/ui-c8y-10-18-485-3-audit-logs-entry-description-contains-agregated-resources.md

---
date: 

> title: Description for audit logs item contains Aggregated resources

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Improved display of details of audit log items
```

change_type:
  - value: change-VSkj2iV9m
    label: Fix
product_area: Platform services
component:
  - value: component-0UgqXH1Ys
    label: Administration
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: MTM-53995
version: 10.18.485.3
---

> Fixed an issue with displaying old and new object value in the audit log's details.

Reviewer 2: Please provide a bit more details.

Author: Audit logs have had something like `[Object] > [Object]` after fix it is like: `{ name: 'greeting', text: 'Hello World'}`, if I remember that topic correctly XD

> Fixed an issue with displaying old and new object value in the audit log's details. Changes done to related objects are now visible in audit logs.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Fixed an issue with displaying old and new object values in the audit log details. Changes done to related objects are now visible in audit logs.
```
